Their course contains quite some diagrams and visual explanations, often you can find these diagrams
attached to the lecture so you can look at them closer later.
There is a page on GitHub called Laravel Cheat Sheet, where you can find some additional information
on certain topics.
This is sometimes updated to contain the fresh information, you are not required to use it, but it's
there.
Sometimes there are additional resources you can read about and then links are included under their
lecture resources.
Finally, I need to stress that the course is structured to guide you through the framework features
in a specific way, which I think is the correct order to understand the material.
But to remember this course is not the only resource online to learn and get information from.
And I am pretty open about it as I want you to succeed.
Laravel Documentation is a great source of information with a lot of examples whenever in doubt, try
checking out in their documentation.
Remember, you don't need to memorize everything.
It's enough if you are able to find your way around.
So if you are having questions or issues, it's fine to just search Google.
Usually you will find a lot of people have asked the same questions as you did.